Excuse me. Can you help me?
Sure. What do you want?
Where is 83 Worcester Street?
That's easy.
Walk to the corner, then make a left turn.
Then walk two blocks to the traffic light,
make another left to Worcester.
Thank you.
To the corner, and then a left.
Yeah, a left.
Hot dog?
Only 75 cents?
No.
Thank you. I have a dinner day.
Yeah.
Okay.
You can go.
Five, five, five, nine, four, seven, no.
And let's busy.
Yeah.
And it's still busy.
Excuse me, ma'am.
I'm looking for 83 Worcester Street.
Yes, Worcester Street is two blocks,
and 83 is to the right.
I'm about two houses.
Thank you.
You're welcome.
Who is it?
Harry Bennett.
Is this Susan?
Yes, it is.
Come up.
I'm on the top floor.
Hello, Harry.
It's nice to meet you.
Nice to meet you, Susan.
Sorry, I'm late.
The traffic, the parking.
I was lost.
What pretty flowers?
Thank you.
Oh, please, come in.
Don't worry about being late.
It's fine.
Excuse the mess.
I just moved here.
I'd like you to meet my sister-in-law, Maryland.
Maryland Stewart, this is Harry Bennett.
Please, to meet you.
Nice to meet you, Harry.
Are we too late for our dinner reservation?
No.
The restaurant will hold our table.
I know the owner very well.
I eat there a lot.
Do you know the phone number of the restaurant?
I'd like to call home and leave the number with the babysitter.
Sure.
The number is 5551720.
Thanks, phone.
5551720.
Hello.
Hi, Michelle.
It's Daddy.
Can I speak to Betty?
I want to leave the phone number of the restaurant.
Hi, Betty.
I'm going to be at 5551720.
Okay, thanks.
See you later.
Well, that's done.
Should we go?
I'm ready.
See you later, Maryland.
Have a nice evening.
Bye, Maryland.
Hope to see you again.
Me too.
Have fun.
Thanks.
After you.